---
layout: paper
categories: projects
permalink: projects/nhs
id: nhs
title: "Automated Recommendation System for Workforce Analysis for The Organizations Providing Domiciliary Care"

feature-title: "Automated Recommendation System for Workforce Analysis"
# feature-description: "Explore how business intelligence combined with data analytics can provide efficient techniques for human resource planning and develop AI techniques to help implement accurate forecasting based on historic data."
feature-description: "Explore how business intelligence combined with data analytics can provide efficient techniques for human resource planning and develop AI techniques to help implement accurate forecasting based on historic data."

authors:
  - Mansi Phute
  - Ayushi Bakshi
  - Thambipillai Srikanthan
# coming-soon: true
# year: 2023
# url: /projects/llmkg
# featured: false
# feature-order: 20230801
# selected: false
# type: project
# doi: 
---

Domiciliary care consists of a wide range of services aimed towards supporting an individual in their own home. Services may involve routine household tasks within the home or outside the home, personal care of the client and other associated domestic services necessary to maintain an individual in an acceptable level of health, hygiene, dignity, safety and ease in their home.

Currently the entire system for assigning care workers to bookings is manual. However, the human error results in sub-optimal allocations and limited sensitivity to the service user preferences. Through automation of the allocation system the detailed preferences of both care workers and service users can be taken into consideration while also making the best possible business decisions. This results in the best possible care being provided to the service users. The data can also be analysed and pruned to gather business insights and aid decision making. The problem statement of the project can be expressed as the following:

• Explore how business intelligence combined with data analytics can provide efficient techniques for human resource planning.

• Explore AI techniques to implement accurate techniques forecasting based on historic data.

• Developing methodology for efficient utilization of existing resources.


